[v10.1.x] Docs: Remove old plugin docs, fix URLs to go to new dev portal (#75325) (#75716)
grafana/grafana: contribute/breaking-changes-guide.md

2. Add info in the comment about **when it is going to be removed**
3. Add info in the comment about **what should be used instead**
4. In case it's a function or a method, use `deprecationWarning(<file name>, <old name>, <new name>)` to raise attention during runtime as well

> 5. Update the [migration guide](/developers/plugin-tools/migration-guides/) with your instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Update the [migration guidance](/developers/plugin-tools/migration-guides/) for plugin developers with your instructions
```
